Add a text feature to quickplot (#6333)
SciTools/iris: docs/src/whatsnew/latest.rst

   However, :meth:`~iris.cube.Cube.transpose` will work, as will
   :meth:`~iris.cube.Cube.copy`. Note that, ``cube.copy(data=iris.DATALESS)``
   will provide a dataless copy of a cube. (:issue:`4447`, :pull:`6253`)
   

> #. `@ESadek-MO`_ added a convenience kwarg to :mod:`iris.quickplot` to
>    add a consisently laid-out footer to plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. `@ESadek-MO`_ added the :mod:`iris.quickplot` ``footer`` kwarg to
   render text in the bottom right of the plot figure.
```
